README.md, before:

# openscad-format
A source code formatter for the OpenSCAD language.

Currently it's opinionated, but there may be improvements in the future which
allow you to alter the code style it enforces.

## Install
The utility is available on [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/openscad-format), you can install it like so:
```
$ npm install -g openscad-format
```
It packages `clang-format` with it for most platforms, so you don't need to
worry about installing it.

## Use
`openscad-format` is designed to be simple and flexible to use:
```
$ openscad-format --help
Usage: openscad-format [options]

Options:
  --version      Show version number                                   [boolean]
  -i, --input    Input file to read, file globs allowed (quotes recommended)
                                                                        [string]
  -o, --output   Output file to write                                   [string]
  -c, --config   Use the specified path to a config using the .clang-format
                 style file                                             [string]
  -j, --javadoc  Automatically add {Java,JS}doc-style comment templates to
                 functions and modules where missing                   [boolean]
  -f, --force    Forcibly overwrite (or "fix") the source file         [boolean]
  -d, --dry      Perform a dry run, without writing                    [boolean]
  -h, --help     Show help                                             [boolean]

Examples:
  openscad-format -i input.scad -o          Formats input.scad and saves it as
  output.scad                               output.scad
  openscad-format < input.scad >            Formats input.scad and saves it as
  output.scad                               output.scad
  openscad-format < input.scad              Formats input.scad and writes to
                                            stdout
  cat input.scad | openscad-format | less   Formats input.scad and displays in
                                            less
  openscad-format -i './**/*.scad'          Formats all *.scad files recursively
                                            and writes them to their respective
                                            files

This utility requires clang-format, but this is automatically installed for most
platforms.
```

## Contribute
Make sure your PR's pass the unit tests and are free of ESLint errors. To check,
run `npm run all` and it will guide you through what needs to be done.

Commit message:

added support for searching recrusively up for a .openscad-format file

README.md, after:

# openscad-format
A source code formatter for the OpenSCAD language.

Currently it's opinionated, but there may be improvements in the future which
allow you to alter the code style it enforces.

## Install
The utility is available on [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/openscad-format), you can install it like so:
```
$ npm install -g openscad-format
```
It packages `clang-format` with it for most platforms, so you don't need to
worry about installing it.

## Use
`openscad-format` is designed to be simple and flexible to use:
```
$ openscad-format --help
Usage: openscad-format [options]

Options:
  --version      Show version number                                   [boolean]
  -i, --input    Input file to read, file globs allowed (quotes recommended)
                                                                        [string]
  -o, --output   Output file to write                                   [string]
  -c, --config   Use the specified path to a config using the .openscad-format
                 style file                                             [string]
  -j, --javadoc  Automatically add {Java,JS}doc-style comment templates to
                 functions and modules where missing                   [boolean]
  -f, --force    Forcibly overwrite (or "fix") the source file         [boolean]
  -d, --dry      Perform a dry run, without writing                    [boolean]
  -h, --help     Show help                                             [boolean]

Examples:
  openscad-format -i input.scad -o          Formats input.scad and saves it as
  output.scad                               output.scad
  openscad-format < input.scad >            Formats input.scad and saves it as
  output.scad                               output.scad
  openscad-format < input.scad              Formats input.scad and writes to
                                            stdout
  cat input.scad | openscad-format | less   Formats input.scad and displays in
                                            less
  openscad-format -i './**/*.scad'          Formats all *.scad files recursively
                                            and writes them to their respective
                                            files

This utility requires clang-format, but this is automatically installed for most
platforms.
```
## Configuration
This utility by default will search for the configuration file .openscad-format in one of the parent directories. If none is found it will fall back to the default.

The format used is identical to that of clang-format, the easiest way to create the .openscad-format file is using clang-format.

```
clang-format -style=llvm -dump-config > .openscad-format
```

See the clang-format docs for the full list of options. At the time of writing this the current styles supported are: LLVM, Google, Chromium, Mozilla, andWebKit.

## Contribute
Make sure your PR's pass the unit tests and are free of ESLint errors. To check,
run `npm run all` and it will guide you through what needs to be done.
